docs: add a PR template and a Contributing.md file (#273)
ReadAlongs/Studio-Web: Contributing.md

# Contributing to ReadAlong Studio-Web

Feel free to dive in! [Open an issue](https://github.com/ReadAlongs/Studio-Web/issues/new) or submit PRs.

This repo follows the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/) Code of Conduct.

This repo uses automated tools to standardize the formatting of code, text files and commits.

- The [pre-commit hook](#pre-commit-hook) automatically applies code formatting rules using `prettier`.

> - [commitlint](#commitlint) is used as a commit message hook to validate that commit messages follow the convention.

Reviewer: Looks good to me - I might make mention that this is a mono-repo managed by nx though. Stating that dependencies should be defined at the top level.

Reviewer: and for information about spinning up development environments, consult the main readme.

Author: done

Valid subject: short, free form, what the commit is about in less than 50 or 60 characters
(not strictly enforced, but it's best to keep it short)

Optional body: this is where you put all the verbose details you want about the commit, or
nothing at all if the subject already says it all. Must be separated by a blank line from
the subject. Explain what the changes are, why you're doing them, etc, as necessary.

Optional footer: separated from the body (or subject if body is empty) by a blank line,
lists reference (e.g.: use `Fixes #12` to say that the commit fixes issue 12, or `Ref #24`
to just make a link) or warns of breaking changes (e.g., `BREAKING CHANGE: explanation`).

These rules are inspired by these commit formatting guides:

- [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)
- [Bluejava commit guide](https://github.com/bluejava/git-commit-guide)
- [develar's commit message format](https://gist.github.com/develar/273e2eb938792cf5f86451fbac2bcd51)
- [AngularJS Git Commit Message Conventions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QrDFcIiPjSLDn3EL15IJygNPiHORgU1_OOAqWjiDU5Y).

With commitlint enabled, your commit log messages will be checked:

> - `git commit -m'fixing a bug in g2p integration'` outputs an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `git commit -m 'fixing a bug in g2p integration'` outputs an error
```

Author: lol

> - `git commit -m'fix(g2p): fixing a bug in g2p integration'` works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `git commit -m 'fix(g2p): fixing a bug in g2p integration'` works
```

Author: Makes me think of the Silicon Valley episode where he dates someone who prefers spaces over tabs... 😆
